Move the licenses plugin to `apputils-extension` (#17361)
jupyterlab/jupyterlab: docs/source/extension/extension_migration.rst

- ``@jupyterlab/application-extension`` from 4.3 to 4.4
   * The ``@jupyterlab/application:mimedocument`` plugin id has been renamed to ``@jupyterlab/application-extension:mimedocument``
- ``@jupyterlab/help-extension`` from 4.3 to 4.4
   * The ``@jupyterlab/help-extension:licences`` plugin id has been moved to the ``@jupyterlab/apputils-extension`` extension,

>      and is now named ``@jupyterlab/apputils-extension:licenses-plugin``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     and is now split between ``@jupyterlab/apputils-extension:licenses-plugin`` and ``@jupyterlab/apputils-extension:licenses-tracker``
```
